Boss Meng, I didn’t expect to see you missing these days.
Your husband has more cuckolds on his head.
There are too many hats, so be careful.
Zhao Chunxuan met everyone alone. I'll tell you privately.
Mind your mistress. otherwise,
I don't suggest teaching you a lesson.
We are all people with status, stop being such an old person.
Zhao Huiqian, we would like to meet.
I can’t stay so low-key today,
There's something wrong with this. this woman,
This Meng Sijia is the boss of Tianhaiwangyuan Jewelry
He is now with Liu Buliang's dog
It seems there is a new plan
Let’s talk about the water burial painting industry
Let's just see each other and show them off.
The original starting price of Meizhuo was 10 million
But when the dollars are caught one by one
Still the Stone King in Meizhuoli
This ten million is the price quoted by King Shi
As for how much the others cost?
Sounds interesting
Hey, how's it going? Do you have any suggestions?
Well, I think No. 2 is okay.
Yes, No. 2 is really good.
But I suggest
But, let’s start shooting No. 4 first
He will definitely compete maliciously